Node: 
JS runtime that runs on the server

You can execute JS code with some extra features and missing features
compared to the browser JS version 

ng serve
gives us a development server


REST API is a stateluss backend

It doesn't care about which client connected to it

All REST API does is:
it exposes a couple of different URLs, so called paths,
to which you can send request, 
and depending on which path you send a request, something different will happen

We got our RESTful server,

and then we got different paths

/users, /posts, /products.

So you could send a request to yourdomain/users.
You could send a request to yourdomain.com/posts.
You could send a request to yourdomain.com/products.
And depending on to which path you sent the request,
something different will happen
and you will get a different response.

But this of course makes your API fully transparent and predictable.

And you can do different things with it.
We create the API on our own,
so we got full control what we wanna support, what we wanna offer.




HTTP verb used for request: GET, POST, DELETE, PATCH, PUT.


And for the different paths,
you might be supporting different verbs.

You don't have to support all verbs for every path.
For some paths, you only wanna allow GET requests.
For some paths, you maybe only wanna allow POST requests.
And with this you can send such a AJAX request through Angular's HTTP client.

For example, send a POST request to yourdomain.com/users,
and this would probably be adding a new user to your backend database.

But what exactly happens, is controlled with your service side code
that runs for this path.


In the end, you will get back a response
which you can then use in your client side application.



we communicate with JSON data,
not with HTML data, not with XML data.
JSON is a data format which looks very much like JavaScript Objects,
understandable and machine readable
and which allows us to exchange data.






For Node.js 
you create a server with Node.js too












































































































